Add ray state api doc link in ray service doc (#428)
ray-project/kuberay: docs/guidance/rayservice.md

You can use `kubectl logs` to check the operator logs or the head/worker nodes logs.
You can also use `kubectl describe rayservices rayservice-sample` to check the states and event logs of your RayService instance.

For ray serve monitoring, you can refer to the [Ray observability documentation](https://docs.ray.io/en/master/ray-observability/state/state-api.html).

> To run Ray state APIs, you can login the head pod and use Ray cli.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
To run Ray state APIs, you can log in to the head pod and use the Ray CLI.
```

I had to look up "log in to"...
https://helpcenter.veeam.com/docs/styleguide/tw/log_in_to.html

`kubectl exec -it <head-node-pod> bash`
Or you can run the command locally:

> `kubectl exec -it <head-node-pod> -- <ray state api>`

Reviewer: Optional: Can you give one concrete example with the `<ray state api>` placeholder filled in?
